bpo-40985: Show correct SyntaxError text when last line has a LINECONT (#20888)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2020-06-15-16-29-55.bpo-40985.IIN_xX.rst

> Fix a bug, where the :exc:`SyntaxError` text is empty, when a file ends with a line that contains a line continuation character. With the old parser the error text contained the text of the last line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a bug that caused the :exc:`SyntaxError` text to be empty when a file ends with a line ending in a line continuation character (i.e. backslash). The error text should contain the text of the last line.
```
